all right so there's been no letup in
Gaza as Israel pounds The besiege
Enclave with intense air and artillery
strikes for a sixth straight day the
Israeli Prime Minister has promised to
crush Hamas after its surprised military
operation on
Saturday these are live pictures of the
skyline above Gaza as is becoming normal
now smoke billowing above it and the
death toll Rising more than
1,354 Palestinians and 1,300 Israelis
have been killed entire neighborhoods
have been flattened leaving a large
portion of the strip and Rubble gaza's
only electricity producer has run out of
fuel and has shut down worsening the
humanitarian situation nearly a quarter
of a million of Palestinians have been
displaced in Gaza it's under a complete
blockade by Israel and we're getting
some new information now out of Egypt
the foreign Ministry has released a
statement asking for all International
aid for Gaza to be directed to al-arish
in the sign Peninsula It also says the
Rafa border crossing with Gaza remains
open and has urged Israel to avoid
targeting the only route out of The
Enclave let's go now to Alero Jamila
abuna who lifeus in Gaza in Jia so
electricity out hospitals are
overwhelmed there is no water no food
supplies or fuel coming in tell us more
about the latest
situation well situation is very
Dreadful and we can't even put words to
describe what's happening we can hear
the bombardments behind me at alabat
Area at the northern east of Gaza which
were happening from yesterday from last
night until now uh they are wiping of
the area after uh they they have warned
the people to leave from the square and
uh we have to mention that the kind of
explosives the volume of the explosives
they're using uh they are they are
destroying the whole area with at least
four houses from from four directions so
you can imagine the kind of Destruction
uh also they have been the the
destruction have affected uh un schools
um the the Red Cross and also uh
residential
houses and where are people who uh
survive these blasts where are they
going they're going to Schools they're
going to places they think are safer
than uh the places they were in but to
be honest there isn't any safe place
anymore in Gaza people are running off
to save their families their beloved
ones but all of a sudden everything can
change uh a week ago they were living a
very normal life all of a sudden
Everything Has Changed they are they're
only wishing to stay alive for the next
hours uh Jam hospitals have been very
much in the firing line and as I said
they have no ELC electricity what is the
situation for those needing treatment
and that must be in the many many
thousands from what we know so far uh
there is no electricity as you have said
of course no fuel so any casualties that
uh come to a shifa hospital especially a
shifa hospital there's no uh Health Care
to to deliver because uh doctors can't
do much and uh uh because for for the
shortage of fuel uh the the the
assistance they can deliver is very
limited so many uh dead bodies are the
result
unfortunately all right Jam we'll leave
it there for the moment Jamila Abu zuno
thanks for talking to us there from Gaza